---
title: Version 0.6.6 Released! People search and episode share!           
date: 2024-09-23
---

This update is a big one! A very exciting feature packed into this update is people searching! Any podcast that has podcasting 2.0 support with people tags now has the ability to search thoses hosts. You can click a host name and Pinepods will reach out to the podcast index to gather information on Podcasts and episodes that host has been in. Ultimately displaying a selection of podcasts and episodes for you to browse through that include that specific person. This update also includes initial support for filtering! The groundwork has now been layed to quickly implememnt additional filtering options and much more is coming but for now, by clicking on the Podcasts page you can now filter Podcasts by categories. You can also set custom categories on individual podcasts from the episodes layout page. And finally, episode link sharing is now complete! You can now share an episode of a podcasts on your Pinepods server with a user who doesn't even have an account on your server! By opening an individual episode there is now a share episode button. This will give you a unique link that will expire after 60 days. This link allows anyone to open and listen to that particular episode on your Pinepods server annonymously. Super cool for quickly sharing episodes with anyone! As always, plenty of other bugs have been squashed.

Full release notes can be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/madeofpendletonwool/PinePods/releases/tag/0.6.6)
