---
title: Version 0.5.3 Released!
date: 2024-05-10
---

This release cleans up loads of issues with various UI components and really makes Pinepods feel like a daily driver application. Everything is cleaned up and much more even now. The mobile experience is also greatly improved.
Perhaps most excitingly there's now a way to add custom podcast feeds from url in the settings. In addition to that, there's now an official Pinepods news feed! You can subscribe to this feed and get news about Pinepods delivered straight to your normal podcast feed. I will use this delivery method exclusively to inform you about news or updates related to Pinepods. Nothing more. Upon starting up Pinepods and building the database for the first time you will be automatically subscribed to this feed, but if you'd prefer to not get the notifications about updates you can unsubscribe from it just like you would with any other podcast. 
Other exciting additions in this release include a speed playback buttons to speedup or slowdown the podcast in the listening screen and a skip button to play the next episode in the queue. Using a MySQL Database is supported now as well as the standard Mariadb - thanks @rgarcia6520!
There are a few other changes as well, check out the release page for the full changelog: 
https://github.com/madeofpendletonwool/PinePods/releases/tag/v0.5.3
If you're reading this it means you're already subscribed to the news feed, welcome! I'm really excited about using this medium to show off changes to Pinepods. I think it provides a good and unobtrusive alternative to the standard notifications in the top right of the application telling you there's a new update available. This method looks just like any other podcast in your feed. 